Added WinForms Classic tutorial (#14)
DevExpress/XPO: Tutorials/WinForms/Classic/bind-the-data-grid-to-large-data-source.md

# Bind the Data Grid to a large data source

[Step 3](/implement-crud-functionality-with-xpo-objects.md)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[Back to TOC](../../)

## Create the edit order form

> * Select the **EditCustomerForm** item in the Solution Explorer window and press the **Ctrl+C** keyboard shortcut to copy the Form

Author: 502bbc1903824c6adf6045f4cd6d973ff23e763b

> * Press **Ctrl+V** to create an EditCustomerForm copy. Rename it to **EditOrderForm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Press **Ctrl+V** to create a copy of an EditCustomerForm and rename it to **EditOrderForm**.
```

> * Press the **Ctrl+V** keyboard shortcut to create an EditCustomerForm copy. Rename it to **EditOrderForm**

Author: 502bbc1903824c6adf6045f4cd6d973ff23e763b

> * Change the class name and constructor name accordingly. Open the CustomersListform.Designer.cs (vb) file and rename the class there. If this file is hidden, use the **Show All Files** toolbar item in the Solution Explorer window

Author: 01ee3a4d26517a992e8d95a24e430686e16ceb6b

* Open the EditOrderForm designer and change the **Text** property to **Edit Order**
* Rename the **CustomerBindingSource** component to **OrderBindingSource**
* Rebuild the project and set the **OrderBindingSource.ObjectClassInfo** property to **DxSample.DataAccess.Order** (select the corresponding item in the combo box)

> * Set the **OrderBindingSource.DisplayableProperties** property to **ProductName;OrderDate;Freight;Customer!Key**. The last property name (**Customer!Key** is a [virtual property](https://docs.devexpress.com/XPO/3113/concepts/property-descriptors) used to edit an object reference; see also: [How to: Bind an XPCollection to a LookUp](https://docs.devexpress.com/XPO/2000/examples/how-to-bind-an-xpcollection-to-a-lookup))

Reviewer: "last property name (**Customer!Key** is a [virtual property](https://docs.devexpress.com/XPO/3113/concepts/property-descriptors) used to" - Do you mean 'is used'?

Author: 5e295f71d9c520f3dcf6ec5659c268157f72da05

* Rename the **CustomerLayoutControl** component to **OrderLayoutControl**

> * Rebuild the project, select the **OrderLayoutControl** component on the design surface, and click a smart-tag icon at the top-right corner

Reviewer: "and click a smart-tag icon" - any smart tag option? or a specific one?

Author: 765ac7e6ade3c6afbe3bf8b241e79e865a7c25aa

* Click the **Retrieve Fields** command in the smart tag menu to open the Select Binding Source wizard.
* Click the **Next** button and choose the following properties and editors on the Manage Data Bindings screen:
    * ProductName, TextEdit
    * OrderDate, DateEdit
    * Freight, CalcEdit
    * Customer, LookupEdit 

> * Click the **Finish** button, delete the **First Name** and **Last Name** layout items, reorder the remaining layout items to have the layout similar to the EditCustomerForm, and save changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click the **Finish** button, delete the **First Name** and **Last Name** layout items, reorder the remaining layout items to create a layout similar to the EditCustomerForm, and save the changes.
```

Author: 0168e59cd1dd1f23bed2a97442f1eef27d364645

* Add the **XPBindingSource** component to the Form and rename it to **CustomersBindingSource**.

> * Rebuild the project and set properties:

Reviewer: "and set properties"? Do you mean 'set **the** properties'? and set them to what?

Author: eee25157d32c7ab11361aabd7ec035d46580c14f

    * ObjectClassInfo=DxSample.DataAccess.Customer
    * DisplayableProperties=Oid;ContactName

> * Select the **lookUpEdit1** editor placed near the **Customer** label and open its smart-tag at the top-right corner. Open the combo box near the **Data Source** field, find the **CustomersBindingSource** component under the **Other Data Sources > EditOrderForm List Instances** node, and select it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select the **lookUpEdit1** editor placed near the **Customer** label and open its smart-tag at the top-right corner. Open the combo box near the **Data Source** field and select the **CustomersBindingSource** component under the **Other Data Sources > EditOrderForm List Instances** node. 
```

Reviewer: "near the **Data Source** field" - This is not very specific? quantify 'near'?

Author: 0b38a5ddc1aecdff46ffa3e9b91251d4d38040ac
765ac7e6ade3c6afbe3bf8b241e79e865a7c25aa

> * Select the **ContactName** and **Oid** properties as the **Display Member** and **Value Member** if they were not selected automatically.

Reviewer: **Oid**?

Author: Yes, this is the real property name ([XPObject.Oid Property](https://docs.devexpress.com/XPO/DevExpress.Xpo.XPObject.Oid)

> * Open the code editor and change the code as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open the code editor and change the code as follows:
```

                UnitOfWork = new UnitOfWork();
                if (OrderID.HasValue)
                    OrderBindingSource.DataSource = UnitOfWork.GetObjectByKey<Order>(OrderID.Value);
                else OrderBindingSource.DataSource = new Order(UnitOfWork);
                CustomersBindingSource.DataSource = new XPCollection<Customer>(UnitOfWork);
            }

            private void btnSave_Click(object sender, EventArgs e) {
                try {
                    UnitOfWork.CommitChanges();
                    OrderID = ((Order)OrderBindingSource.DataSource).Oid;
                    Close();
                } catch (LockingException) {
                    XtraMessageBox.Show(this, "The record was modified or deleted by another user. Please click the Reload button and try again.", "XPO Tutorial", MessageBoxButtons.OK, MessageBoxIcon.Stop);
                }
            }

            private void btnReload_Click(object sender, EventArgs e) {
                Reload();
            }
        }
    }
    ```
    </details>
## Create the orders list Form
* Select the **CustomersListForm** item in the Solution Explorer window and press **Ctrl+C** to copy the Form.

> * Press **Ctrl+V** to create a CustomersListForm copy. Rename it to **OrdersListForm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Press **Ctrl+V** to create a copy of a CustomersListForm copy and rename it to **OrdersListForm**.
```

> * Change the class name and constructor name to **OrdersListForm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Change the class and constructor name to **OrdersListForm**.
```

> * Select the **CustomersListForm** item in the Solution Explorer window and press the **Ctrl+C** keyaborad shortcut to copy the Form

Reviewer: same here

Author: 502bbc1903824c6adf6045f4cd6d973ff23e763b

> * Press the **Ctrl+V** keyboard shortcut to create a CustomersListForm copy. Rename it to **OrdersListForm**

Reviewer: and here

Author: 502bbc1903824c6adf6045f4cd6d973ff23e763b

> * Change the class name and constructor name accordingly

Reviewer: 'accordingly'?

Author: 31e7bbed8b92ef5f7e3388c2d0e8b3e7d905588c

* Open the OrdersListForm designer and change the **Text** property to **Orders**

> * Select the Events tab page in the Properties window, right click the **OrdersListForm.Load** event to invoke the context menu and select the **Reset** menu item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select the Events tab page in the Properties window, right-click the **OrdersListForm.Load** event to invoke the context menu, and select the **Reset** menu item
```

Author: 66a10dccf5b051a60d8cb1cb2fdd3871e8ca2414

> * Add the **XPInstantFeedbackView** component form the toolbox. Change its name to **OrdersInstantFeedbackView**. This component is used with large data sources (see also: [Large Data Sources: Server and Instant Feedback Modes](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/8398/controls-and-libraries/data-grid/data-binding/large-data-sources-server-and-instant-feedback-modes))

Reviewer: form?

Author: 7794241213100a216d4f9d0ddb1345ecf153ef8b

* Rebuild the project and set the `OrdersInstantFeedbackView.ObjectType` property to **DxSample.DataAccess.Order**.

> * Select the **Properties** property and click the ellipsis button to add these properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select the **Properties** property and click the ellipsis button to add the following properties:
```

> * Click the ellipsis button near the **Properties** property and add the following properties:

Reviewer: Again, 'near'?

Author: 462a14de694d679322e56083b26f4f22aa5b4e11

    * Name = Oid, Property = [Oid]
    * Name = Product Name, Property = [ProductName]
    * Name = Order Date, Property = [OrderDate]
    * Name = Freight, Property = [Freight]
* Delete the `CustomersBindingSource` component.
* Change the `CustomersGridControl` name to **OrdersGridControl** and do the same for `CustomersGridView`.
* Set the `OrdersGridControl.DataSource` property to **OrdersInstantFeedbackView**.
* Select the `OrdersGridControl` control on the design surface and click the **Run Designer** smart tag command.
* Select the **Columns** item in the navigation panel and click the **Retrieve Fields** button in the toolbar.

> * Select the **Layout** item in the navigation panel, drag the **Oid** grid column down, and release it when the cross icon appears. The hidden **Oid** column is used later to obtain object identifiers. Click the **Apply** button, close the designer, and save the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select the **Layout** item in the navigation panel, drag the **Oid** grid column down, and release it when the cross icon appears. The hidden **Oid** column is used later to obtain object identifiers. Click **Apply**, close the designer, and save the changes.
```

> * Select the **Layout** item in the navigation panel, drag the **Oid** grid column down and release it when the cross icon appears. The hidden **Oid** column will be used later to obtain object identifiers. Click the **Apply** button, close the designer, and save changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select the **Layout** item in the navigation panel, drag the **Oid** grid column down and release it when the cross icon appears. The hidden **Oid** column is used later to obtain object identifiers. Click the **Apply** button, close the designer, and save the changes
```

Author: a16af2b0ef10251c0768e8113c23bf63febc5f31

                    ShowEditForm(orderID);
                }
            }

            private void ShowEditForm(int? orderID) {
                using (EditOrderForm form = new EditOrderForm(orderID)) {
                    form.ShowDialog(this);
                    Reload();
                    OrdersGridView.FocusedRowHandle = OrdersGridView.LocateByValue("Oid", form.OrderID.Value,
                        rowHandle => OrdersGridView.FocusedRowHandle = (int)rowHandle);
                }
            }
            private void Reload() {
                OrdersInstantFeedbackView.Refresh();
            }

            private void btnNew_ItemClick(object sender, ItemClickEventArgs e) {
                ShowEditForm(null);
            }

            private void btnDelete_ItemClick(object sender, ItemClickEventArgs e) {
                using (Session session = new Session()) {
                    object orderId = OrdersGridView.GetFocusedRowCellValue(colOid);
                    Order order = session.GetObjectByKey<Order>(orderId);
                    session.Delete(order);
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```
    </details>

> * Select the **OrdersInstantFeedbackView** component and double click the **ResolveSession** event to add the event handler. Do the same for the **DismissSession** event

Reviewer: Why do so many of your sentences not end in a period? One ends in a period, the next does not?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select the **OrdersInstantFeedbackView** component and double click the **ResolveSession** event to add the event handler. Do the same for the **DismissSession** event.
```

Author: da82797c47a2c930446ea01539dfa8c249e5c883

> * Put the following code in the event handlers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the following code to the event handlers:
```

Author: 3003dda8f663dd57c92a8e0c520fe75e0491334d

    ```csharp
    private void OrdersInstantFeedbackView_ResolveSession(object sender, ResolveSessionEventArgs e) {
        e.Session = new Session()
    }

    private void OrdersInstantFeedbackView_DismissSession(object sender, ResolveSessionEventArgs e) {
        e.Session.Session.Dispose()
    }
    ```
## Create the navigation container Form
* Right-click the project item in the Solution Explorer to invoke the context menu and select the **Add DevExpress Item > New Item** menu item

> * In the DevExpress Template Gallery window select the **WinForms** tab, click the **WinForms Popular UIs > UI-ready Form** item in the navigation control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the DevExpress Template Gallery window, select the **WinForms** tab and click the **WinForms Popular UIs > UI-ready Form** item in the navigation control.
```

Author: 55281262e4ef4ca130b2f36e505c32ea6ddb8d75

> * In the Settings section to the right select the **Tabbed MDI** UI Type, select the **Navigation Container** View Type, and change the **Item Name** to **MainForm**

Reviewer: Why do you leave the commas out?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the Settings section to the right, select the **Tabbed MDI** UI Type, select the **Navigation Container** View Type, and change the **Item Name** to **MainForm**
```

Reviewer: Why 'to the right'? Are there more than one Setting Sections and you need to distinguish between them?

Author: 55281262e4ef4ca130b2f36e505c32ea6ddb8d75
929c49e9a98297000913cb11bc755f2dc001bb88

> * In the MainForm designer change the following properties:

Reviewer: Again, where is the comma?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the MainForm designer, change the following properties:
```

Reviewer: Or better yet:
```suggestion
* Change the following properties in the MainForm designer:
```

Author: 1d0b1aa81c904bd7766db6f2aeab44a63e0dc6cd

            void barButtonNavigation_ItemClick(object sender, ItemClickEventArgs e) {
                SetAccordionSelectedElement(e.Item.Caption);
            }
            void tabbedView_DocumentClosed(object sender, DocumentEventArgs e) {
                RecreateForms(e);
            }
            void SetAccordionSelectedElement(string name) {
                switch (name) {
                    case OrdersFormName:
                        accordionControl.SelectedElement = ordersAccordionControlElement;
                        break;
                    case CustomersFormName:
                        accordionControl.SelectedElement = customersAccordionControlElement;
                        break;
                }
            }
            void RecreateForms(DocumentEventArgs e) {
                switch (e.Document.Caption) {
                    case OrdersFormName:
                        ordersForm = CreateForm(OrdersFormName);
                        break;
                    case CustomersFormName:
                        customersForm = CreateForm(CustomersFormName);
                        break;
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```
    </details>

> * For C# projects only. Open the **Program.cs** file, and change the following line

Reviewer: No punctuation at the end of the sentence?

Author: 1198ac601d96fd67c824ca835e68f60b68eb040a

    ```csharp
    Application.Run(new CustomersListForm());
    ```
    to
    ```csharp
    Application.Run(new MainForm());
    ```

> * Form VB.NET projects only. 

Reviewer: Form?

Author: 88a8762bb95006f635b03630bc44604d57581d5d

    * Right-click the project item in the **Solution Explorer** window to invoke the context menu and select the **Properties** menu item (or use **Alt+Enter**). In the **Properties** window, select the **Application** page and change the **Startup Form** property to `MainForm`.

>     * Open the `CustomersListForm` code, cut the `ConnectionHelper` and `DemoDataHelper` code, and paste it to the `MainForm` constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Open the `CustomersListForm` code, cut the `ConnectionHelper` and `DemoDataHelper` code, and paste it in the `MainForm` constructor.
```

Reviewer: Again, why 'to'? Why do you use this preposition?

>     * Right-click the project item in the Solution Explorer window to invoke the context menu and select the **Properties** menu item (you can use the **Alt+Enter** keyboard shortcut instead). In the Properties window select the **Application** page and change the **Startup form** property to **MainForm**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Right-click the project item in the Solution Explorer window to invoke the context menu and select the **Properties** menu item (or use **Alt+Enter**). In the Properties window, select the **Application** page and change the **Startup form** property to **MainForm**.
```

Reviewer: No comma? No period at the end of the sentence?

Author: 1198ac601d96fd67c824ca835e68f60b68eb040a

>     * Open the **CustomersListForm** code, cut the **ConnectionHelper** and **DemoDataHelper** code and paste it to the **MainForm** constructor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Open the **CustomersListForm** code, cut the **ConnectionHelper** and **DemoDataHelper** code, and paste it to the **MainForm** constructor.
```

Author: 09475637cfc69e68e9195331c589cecceedf1255

        ```vbnet
        Public Sub New()
            ConnectionHelper.Connect(False)
            Using uow As New UnitOfWork()
                DemoDataHelper.Seed(uow)
            End Using
            InitializeComponent()
            ordersForm = CreateForm(OrdersFormName)
            customersForm = CreateForm(CustomersFormName)
            accordionControl.SelectedElement = ordersAccordionControlElement
        End Sub
        ```

> * Run the application and click the **Orders** navigation item to see the result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run the application and click the **Orders** navigation item to see the result.
```

Reviewer: I'll check the rest after you thoroughly go through this entire PR and correct all the issues I've highlighted.

Author: Done!

# Bind the Data Grid to a large data source

[Step 3](/implement-crud-functionality-with-xpo-objects.md)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[Back to TOC](../../)

## Create the edit order Form
* Select the **EditCustomerForm** item in the **Solution Explorer** window and press **Ctrl+C** to copy the Form.
* Press **Ctrl+V** to create a copy of an EditCustomerForm and rename it to **EditOrderForm**.
* Change the class and constructor name to **EditOrderForm**. Open the *CustomersListForm.Designer.cs* file and rename the class there. If this file is hidden, use the **Show All Files** toolbar item in the Solution Explorer window.
* Open the `EditOrderForm` designer and change the `Text` property to **Edit Order**.
* Rename the `CustomerBindingSource` component to **OrderBindingSource**.
* Rebuild the project and set the `OrderBindingSource.ObjectClassInfo` property to **DxSample.DataAccess.Order**.

> * Set the `OrderBindingSource.DisplayableProperties` property to **ProductName;OrderDate;Freight;Customer!Key**. The last property name (**Customer!Key** is a [virtual property](https://docs.devexpress.com/XPO/3113/concepts/property-descriptors) designed for LookUp editors; see also: [How to: Bind an XPCollection to a LookUp](https://docs.devexpress.com/XPO/2000/examples/how-to-bind-an-xpcollection-to-a-lookup)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the `OrderBindingSource.DisplayableProperties` property to **ProductName;OrderDate;Freight;Customer!Key**. The last property name (**Customer!Key** is a [virtual property](https://docs.devexpress.com/XPO/3113/concepts/property-descriptors) designed for LookUp editors. See also: [How to: Bind an XPCollection to a LookUp](https://docs.devexpress.com/XPO/2000/examples/how-to-bind-an-xpcollection-to-a-lookup)).
```

* Rename the `CustomerLayoutControl` component to **OrderLayoutControl**.
* Rebuild the project.
* Select the `OrderLayoutControl` component on the design surface. 
* Click the [smart-tag](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/winforms/controls/performing-common-tasks-using-smart-tags-on-wf-controls) glyph. If the [smart-tag](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/winforms/controls/performing-common-tasks-using-smart-tags-on-wf-controls) glyph is not visible, press **Esc** several times to navigate from the selected `LayoutGroup` to the `LayoutControl`.
* Select the **Retrieve Fields** item to open the **Select Binding Source** wizard.

> * Click the **Next** button and choose these properties and editors on the **Manage Data Bindings** screen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click the **Next** button and select the following properties and editors on the **Manage Data Bindings** screen:
```

    * ProductName, TextEdit
    * OrderDate, DateEdit
    * Freight, CalcEdit
    * Customer, LookupEdit 
* Click the **Finish** button, delete the **First Name** and **Last Name** layout items, reorder the rest layout items to create a layout similar to the `EditCustomerForm`, and save the changes.
* Add the `XPBindingSource` component to the `Form` and rename it to **CustomersBindingSource**.
* Rebuild the project.
* Set the `CustomersBindingSource.ObjectClassInfo` property to **DxSample.DataAccess.Customer**.
* Set the `CustomersBindingSource.DisplayableProperties` property to **Oid;ContactName**.

> * Select the `lookUpEdit1` editor placed near the **Customer** label and click the [smart-tag](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/winforms/controls/performing-common-tasks-using-smart-tags-on-wf-controls) glyph. 

Reviewer: "placed near" is not very specific. Is it next to it?

Author: Yes, next to it. However, `lookUpEdit1` already identifies the editor. There is no need to specify the location. I removed this part.

de77111926f6f05420c54fd1ecf9125e31ef880d

> * Click the **Data Source** item to open the drop-down list, find the `CustomersBindingSource` component under the **Other Data Sources > EditOrderForm List Instances** node, and select it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click the **Data Source** item to open the drop-down list and select the `CustomersBindingSource` component under the **Other Data Sources > EditOrderForm List Instances** node. 
```

        public partial class EditOrderForm : XtraForm {
            public EditOrderForm() {
                InitializeComponent();
            }
            public EditOrderForm(int? orderId) : this() {
                OrderID = orderId;
            }
            public int? OrderID { get; private set; }
            protected UnitOfWork UnitOfWork { get; private set; }
            private void EditCustomerForm_Load(object sender, EventArgs e) {
                Reload();
            }

            private void Reload() {
                UnitOfWork = new UnitOfWork();
                if (OrderID.HasValue)
                    OrderBindingSource.DataSource = UnitOfWork.GetObjectByKey<Order>(OrderID.Value);
                else OrderBindingSource.DataSource = new Order(UnitOfWork);
                CustomersBindingSource.DataSource = new XPCollection<Customer>(UnitOfWork);
            }

            private void btnSave_Click(object sender, EventArgs e) {
                try {
                    UnitOfWork.CommitChanges();
                    OrderID = ((Order)OrderBindingSource.DataSource).Oid;
                    Close();
                } catch (LockingException) {

>                     XtraMessageBox.Show(this, "The record was modified or deleted by another user. Please click the Reload button and try again.", "XPO Tutorial", MessageBoxButtons.OK, MessageBoxIcon.Stop);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    XtraMessageBox.Show(this, "The record was modified or deleted. Please click the Reload button and try again.", "XPO Tutorial", MessageBoxButtons.OK, MessageBoxIcon.Stop);
```

Author: Added this change to the updated version of the example, too.

* Rebuild the project and set the `OrdersInstantFeedbackView.ObjectType` property to **DxSample.DataAccess.Order**.
* Select the **Properties** property and click the ellipsis button to add the following properties:
    * Name = Oid, Property = [Oid]
    * Name = Product Name, Property = [ProductName]
    * Name = Order Date, Property = [OrderDate]
    * Name = Freight, Property = [Freight]
* Delete the `CustomersBindingSource` component.
* Change the `CustomersGridControl` name to **OrdersGridControl** and do the same for `CustomersGridView`.
* Set the `OrdersGridControl.DataSource` property to **OrdersInstantFeedbackView**.
* Select the `OrdersGridControl` control and click the [smart-tag](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/winforms/controls/performing-common-tasks-using-smart-tags-on-wf-controls) glyph. 
* Select the **Run Designer** menu item.
* Select the **Columns** item in the navigation panel and click the **Retrieve Fields** button in the toolbar.
* Select the **Layout** item in the navigation panel, drag the **Oid** grid column down, and release it when the cross icon appears. 

>   > Do not delete this column from the [Columns](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraGrid.Views.Base.ColumnView.Columns) collection. It is required to retrieve record indentifiers using the [GetRowCellValue](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraGrid.Views.Grid.GridView.GetRowCellValue.overloads) method. Click **Apply**, close the designer, and save the changes.

Reviewer: indentifiers?

Reviewer: Do not use gerunds like 'using'

Author: >indentifiers?

The Oid column holds values which identify persistent objects. I can change "record identifiers" to "object identifiers" or change the sentence to "It holds identity values which required to show the Edit Form or delete an object".

Author: I also noticed my mistake: "indentifiers" => "identifiers"

Author: >Do not use gerunds like 'using'

Finally, changed this sentence to: "It holds object keys required to show the Edit Form or delete an object."

                    object orderId = OrdersGridView.GetFocusedRowCellValue(colOid);
                    Order order = session.GetObjectByKey<Order>(orderId);
                    session.Delete(order);
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```
    </details>

* Select the `OrdersInstantFeedbackView` component and double click the `ResolveSession` event to add the event handler. Do the same for the `DismissSession` event.
* Add the following code to the event handlers:
    ```csharp
    private void OrdersInstantFeedbackView_ResolveSession(object sender, ResolveSessionEventArgs e) {
        e.Session = new Session()
    }

    private void OrdersInstantFeedbackView_DismissSession(object sender, ResolveSessionEventArgs e) {
        e.Session.Session.Dispose()
    }
    ```
## Create the navigation container Form
* Right-click the project item in the **Solution Explorer** to invoke the context menu and select the **Add DevExpress Item > New Item** menu item.
* In the **DevExpress Template Gallery** window, select the **WinForms** tab and click the **WinForms Popular UIs > UI-ready Form** item in the navigation control.

> * In the **Settings** section, select the **Tabbed MDI** UI Type, select the **Navigation Container** View Type, and change the **Item Name** to **MainForm**.

Reviewer: 'select this, select this' Does this mean you should select them at the same time?

                SetAccordionSelectedElement(e.Item.Caption);
            }
            void tabbedView_DocumentClosed(object sender, DocumentEventArgs e) {
                RecreateForms(e);
            }
            void SetAccordionSelectedElement(string name) {
                switch (name) {
                    case OrdersFormName:
                        accordionControl.SelectedElement = ordersAccordionControlElement;
                        break;
                    case CustomersFormName:
                        accordionControl.SelectedElement = customersAccordionControlElement;
                        break;
                }
            }
            void RecreateForms(DocumentEventArgs e) {
                switch (e.Document.Caption) {
                    case OrdersFormName:
                        ordersForm = CreateForm(OrdersFormName);
                        break;
                    case CustomersFormName:
                        customersForm = CreateForm(CustomersFormName);
                        break;
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```
    </details>

* For C# projects. 

>     * Open the **Program.cs** file, and change this line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Open the **Program.cs** file, and change 
```
